What is getting engaged and what KMAX So in this video we're going to be moving on with our home page.
OK.
We're going to design our home page.
And then after that we'll design this we're going to move on to our this section that has the menus
section.
OK.
So let's go ahead and lotted this sorry for a section.
Let's go ahead and let's hit this and let's go to the main page and we basically want to edit this whole
page.
So what am I going to do.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to head at it Bage.
OK and here I'll be taken to the edit page section.
What I have to do right now is that I have to go down.
And here in the con didn't play out for me is the default one.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit 100 percent full that.
OK.
And for the sidebar just leave it as it is.
The margins should be disabled.
OK.
Let's go ahead and update OK and let's page
so you can see that we have I mean our folded section right here and I basically want to remove this
title as well because I want to add some stuff right here.
I want to make this look amazing so I also want to remove this as well.
So I'm going to go to the title section and the display title should be disabled.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit a day right now.
Let's go here and let's refresh this.
Here we go.
You can see that everything here has been disabled right here.
So I can now manage my website completely what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit it very elementary.
And what is this going to do.
It's going to take me to the plug in page and this plug in is going to do the best job you guys are
going to love this plug in.
Seriously guys hurry go you can see that it has now taken us to this page where we can manage this whole
plug in and we can add some stuff you can see we have columns heading.
Image text editor and everything.
We're going to work with this in the upcoming video.
So Stadion guys and this is going to be so much fun.
So Stadion and Buh-Bye.